you can be anywhere when your life
begins
you find the right person and follow the
sudden anything's possible
but I've seen you around it's Carlos
right right oh my god you're so obvious
I really want to kiss you right now
many times right
you just let me know when that time is
right then
I gotta go no not let you leave just
don't blame me okay I'm not gonna play
he saw the world she lived in what kind
of a daughter are you not the earth and
risked everything to change her life I
am taking care of this oh no you are not
taking care of this I'm here for you I
want to take you away from everything
that's making you crazy when it's real
when it's right I don't let anything
stand in your way I love your daughter
sir she has so much beauty so much
honesty kirsten dunst can't be a [ __ ]
Jay Hernandez here crazy crazy beautiful
who's that
oh that it's my dad